chore: update readme (#45)
discordjs/discord.js-next: README.md

</div>

## Status: pre-alpha

> The idea behind -next is to rewrite the entire library in typescript to make use of type safety and other TS features during development. We will still release it as a javascript library via the NPM registry.

Reviewer: Titles should have a padding line, and npm is always written in lowercase.
```suggestion

The idea behind `-next` is to rewrite the entire library in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) to make use of type safety and other features during development. We will still release it as a JavaScript library in the npm registry.
```

## Status: pre-alpha

The idea behind `-next` is to rewrite the entire library in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) to make use of type safety and other features during development. We will still release it as a JavaScript library in the npm registry.

> Being a full rewrite this will be a bit of a larger undergoing, so we encapsulate it in its own repository. Discord.js version 13 is in its finishing strides over at https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js . We do currently not have a roadmap or estimate on a release date for the rewrite under -next.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Being a full rewrite this will be a bit of a larger undergoing, so we encapsulate it in its own repository. Discord.js version 13 is in its finishing strides over at (the main repository)[https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js]. We do currently not have a roadmap or estimate on a release date for the rewrite under `-next`.
```
